feat: add more gsoc 2024 projects (#7302)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/authors/Alaurant.adoc

---
name: "Danyang Zhao"
github: Alaurant
---

> // descriptive text comes here

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Remove unnecessary content

> Danyang Zhao is a contributing to the GSoC 2024 "Manage Jenkinsci GitHub Permissions as Code" project, to automate the management of GitHub permissions for the Jenkinsci organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Danyang Zhao is a contributor to the GSoC 2024 "Manage Jenkinsci GitHub Permissions as Code" project, which aims to automate the management of GitHub permissions for the Jenkinsci organization.
```
Small suggestion to adjust the grammar here for clarity.
